c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\BookStore.exe.config
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\BookStore.exe
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\BookStore.pdb
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\BookStore.Models.dll
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\BookStore.Models.pdb
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.g.resources
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.exe
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.pdb
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.Migrations.Initial.resources
c:\users\deso9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookStore\BookStore\obj\Debug\BookStore.Migrations.Addednametobooks.resources
